Adding new React UI item in collections (#3767)
github/explore: collections/react-ui/index.md

---
display_name: React UI
created_by: officialrajdeepsingh
image: react.png
items:
 - mui/material-ui
 - react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap
 - primer/design
 - mantinedev/mantine
 - radix-ui/website
 - sailboatui/sailboatui
 - merakiui/merakiui
 - saadeghi/daisyui
 - markmead/hyperui
 - tailwindlabs/headlessui
 - n6ai/flowrift
 - Charlie85270/tail-kit
 - praveenjuge/myna/
 - TailGrids/tailwind-ui-components
 - htmlstreamofficial/preline
 - shadcn/ui
 - primefaces/primereact
 - nextui-org/nextui
 - chakra-ui/chakra-ui
 - primefaces/primeng
 - rewindui/rewindui
 - palantir/blueprint
 - rsuite/rsuite
 - Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI-React

---

> A React UI library or React component library of a collection of components. You can use it, and ready for production.

Reviewer: This wording could be improved.

```suggestion
A React UI library or collection of React components. React is an open source JavaScript framework for designing user interfaces.
```

Author: Yes, thanks for help
